Shepard you need a place that's yours
somewhere to recharge clear your head
that's very generous it's practical we
need you in the best shape possible
rested focus
commander commander this is origins
there are people trying to kill you yeah
I think he's aware of that I mean other
people new people
Joker by the crew
having a bad day Shepard
you could say that okay what the hell's
going on commander let's figure out who
they are and shut him down
what about the rest of the group all
hands on deck for this one
you'll need to do better than that
the last guy to trash-talk me was a few
kilometers taller than yes we're back on
the clock
is surely always like this
wish me luck
okay everyone say Normandy